Esto es una producción de Choco Inglés.
¡Suscríbete al canal!
U .S .A.'s basketball top three players
are LeBron James, Stephen Curry, and Aya
Riyad Wilson.
Third place baseball, known as America's pastime.
Fans enjoy the tradition and atmosphere
of long seasons and the battle to reach
the World Series.
How do you play it?
Players hit a ball and run around four
bases to score runs.
The team with the most runs wins.
U .S .A.'s baseball top three players are
Jenny Finch, Babe Ruth, Derek Jeter.
Fourth place ice hockey.
Intense and physical, hockey fans are loyal.
Cities like Boston are famous for their
passion, even though tickets can be out
of my budget.
How do you play it?
Players skate on ice and aim to shoot a
puck into the opposing team's goal.
The team with the most goals wins.
U .S .A.'s ice hockey top three players
are Wayne Gretzky, Sidney Crosby, Hillary Knight.
Fifth place soccer, football.
Soccer is growing in the U .S .A.
The MLS is expanding and new talent is
coming out of the youth academies.
How do you play it?
Teams try to score by kicking a ball into
the opponent's net.
The team with the most goals wins.
U .S .A.'s soccer top three players are
Lionel Messi, Christian Pulisic, and
Clint Dempsey.
These five sports offer something for
everyone and are part of the American
sports culture
. Programa producido por Choco Inglés.